.. _faq:

ðŸ¤” FAQ
======

Is it safe to use?
******************
I am in the process of organizing an independent security audit of HeimdaLLM. Until this
audit is complete, I do not recommend using HeimdaLLM against any production system
without a careful risk assessment. These audits are self-funded, so please consider
`sponsoring me <https://github.com/sponsors/amoffat>`_ if you will get value from the
confidence that they will bring.

.. raw:: html

    <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/sponsors/amoffat" data-icon="octicon-heart" data-size="large" aria-label="Sponsor @amoffat on GitHub">Sponsor</a>
    <div style="margin-bottom:2rem"></div>

If you are a business, please show your interest by `inquiring about a commercial
license. <https://forms.gle/frEPeeJx81Cmwva78>`_ This will help me prioritize the audit.


What databases are supported?
*****************************

Currently, sqlite's flavor of SQL is supported. There is rapid development for the other
top relational SQL databases. To help us prioritize, please `vote here
<https://github.com/amoffat/HeimdaLLM/discussions/2>`_ on which database you would like
to see supported:

Do I need to purchase a commercial license?
*******************************************

No, HeimdaLLM is dual-licensed and has an open source license, the `AGPLv3
<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html>`_. However, if you use the open source
license in your business, you must comply with the terms of the license, which can be
legally restricting and complicate your business operations. Most businesses prefer to
purchase a commercial license, which removes the restrictions, than to comply with the
terms of the AGPLv3.

Please inquire about a commercial license `here. <https://forms.gle/frEPeeJx81Cmwva78>`_
The commercial license eliminates the above restrictions, providing flexibility and
protection for your business operations. It also ensures that I can support HeimdaLLM
indefinitely.

.. raw:: html

    <script async defer src="https://buttons.github.io/buttons.js"></script>

Why AGPLv3?
***********

I chose the AGPLv3 license because I want to provide a license that is as permissive as
possible to the OSS community while also strongly encouraging businesses to `inquire
about a commercial license <https://forms.gle/frEPeeJx81Cmwva78>`_ to support
development.

The AGPLv3 license has restrictions that make it challenging for businesses to use in
production, but it is still a permissive license in that it allows you to use the
software for free. The AGPLv3 license also ensures that if someone modifies the software
and distributes it, they must also distribute the source code of the modified software.
This is important to me because I want to ensure that the OSS community can benefit from
any improvements that people make to the software.